here they are now paranoid Americans
doing what we do best freaking out about
nothing
hey good morning Taylor good morning
alright today good and you by the way
didn't do anything to the coffee what
are you doing hey my talk would you do
it oh my god what is it oh my god oh my
god even first is that what you do it oh
my god did you put salt in the ship oh
it's gross okay what's going on okay
this is coffee yes I can take it Tom did
you all right now huh
I'm gonna punch you Minh what the is
that what liquor about to go to works
this is probably not the best thing
hey hey April Fool's April Fool's how's
your coffee is it please moving what did
you do yeah what did you do
listen happy Fool's Day what'd you do
if there's something wrong with that I'm
gonna punch you happy April Fool's thank
you for for what you do
April knows its way purfles how's the
matter with you so April Fool's April
Fool's my ass
April Fool's we right there what was
that yeah what do you think
no vodka no poison
April Fool's Day I mean nothing to me
coffee it's a joke
Jimmy Kimmel tall way to do it oh my
april fools
what's an ER t hmm I mean coffee tea hey
fools you said it too soon I didn't
drink it is it P paper hole I don't know
I should get over somehow just got
surgery I want you to have this cup of
coffee have this custom often it is not
its quarterly it's coffee water you AGB
chemical
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our youtube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to youtube heaven